well howdy there internet people its Bo
again we're outside tonight he's going
to have us a midnight revival issue
brought to me by a member of the
congregation a heretic somebody I'll see
all the time down below speaking out
against the truth of the church he comes
to me he says brother Bo I need your
help
and I say hallelujah he has repent no no
not at all
he just came across something so foul so
unclean so unrighteous but as he said it
cannot stand and he said if you willing
I'll send you this link and you can look
on this unrighteousness with your own
eyes and I said brother Hedrick sent me
that link and I click on the link and I
look and I'm greeted with a sermon from
Knox County Tennessee great state of
Tennessee sermon by law man a detective
former detective sheriff put a stop to
that quick fast and in a hurry
and this sermon calling for mass murder
mass executions putting to death of the
LGBTQ community he uses anecdotes and
his sermon talked about drug abuse rape
all kinds of horrible things and he uses
these anecdotes to vilify the whole
community he's in law enforcement could
those same anecdotes not be used to
vilify your whole community
and people look at that video and they
want to talk about him they see that
hatred and I see that hatred that's what
it is
it is hatred but I see something else I
see a man that has carried something
with him for so long he don't know what
to do anymore he's giving himself over
to the hate he's carried it and
struggled with it for so long and too
long the sacrifice makes a stone of the
heart and that is what has happened to
him I don't want to talk about him he's
given himself over it's done I want to
talk about the people in those pews I
want to talk about people to fill that
congregation the people that sat there
and listened to a man call for mass
murder in Jesus's name and said nothing
except for a chuckle every now and again
you know brings up that time-honored
question what would Jesus do
I don't know not in every situation but
I can assure you there is no situation
in which he would engage in mass murder
this doesn't seem fitting as I watch
that congregation listen to the silence
watch them signal their support I
thought of another congregation a long
time ago back in the 30s it was in
Hamburg
another firebrand comes to town
preaching the same hate ends the same
way
advocating for the government they take
care of the undesirables take care of
those who just don't fit and the people
in the crowd they did that same thing
silently signaled their consent all but
one man one man stood their arms folded
in defiance man named Argos Landmesser
iconic photo you can't see it but if you
are a believer I can assure you Jesus is
standing right beside him he's not
anywhere else in that photo we are fast
approaching a time in this country but
we have a choice we can become brown
shirts we can become white roses anyway
it's just a thought
y'all have a good night
[Music]